Many days passed. 
Many days of boring work, mostly indistinguishable from others, but some had one thing or two that he could use to identify in memory. 
He wanted a way to count the days as they went by, some sort of calendar, but he didn't have anything. He didn't own anything. His cubby wasn't his, just a living quarters provided by them to accommodate workers, and his clothing, work tools, and minimal amount of functional accessories weren't his either. They were just items also provided by them, the vests in order to provide a sense of uniformity, and the labeled tags to tell the workers apart. 
He owned nothing, and they owned him. 
Tired after his work day, he wanted to fall onto his bed like a sack of potatoes. But he didn't that day. Exhaustion grew in him as he searched every nook and cranny of his very small cubby for anything at all, but mostly something that he could use to create his calendar. Nothing could be found. 
His eyelids eventually feeling heavier than bricks, he slept. 
He woke up the next day with something only describable as a hangover. His lack of sleep the previous night made him feel loopy, and he struggled to stay awake at work. But as he did, sorting cans, he had an idea. An idea to mark the days going by without being conspicuous or stealing anything. But now wasn't the time. He needed to do his work for the day. 
He felt his eyelids screaming, desiring so desperately to be closed, but he knew that if he even shut his eyes for a second, his nightmares could have come true. So he fought it. 
On his way back to his cubby, he formulated a fuller version of his plan. The next morning, it would be time. He slept nice and early. 
The next morning, he woke up feeling refreshed. He stretched, yawned, and cracked his knuckles before getting out of his bed. His plan was ready. 
He took a different path to work that day, walking through back streets, and weird skinny alleyways, until he made it. As he walked, he made sure to leave deep tracks, marking the dirt with his rugged boots along his new path. 
When he got to work, he knew exactly what to do. 
He waited a short while, getting ready for his task, and for some reason planting his feet like he was going to do some sort of run. About two minutes later, he saw a brown carton make its way down the line. He reached over, picked it up, and chucked it across the room, then picked up a glass soda bottle and smashed it against the ground near his feet. 
The familiar deafening buzzing returned, enveloping everything, and then the world flashed white once again. 
He woke up, shivering. His plastic blanket had fallen to the ground. He picked it back up, placed it beneath him, and continued executing his plan. If his hypothesis was correct, then there were only a few possibilities of what happened every time he broke the order. Either some sort of machine was turning back time, or his memory was getting reset somehow. His previous notion of it just being a bad dream just didn't feel right to him. So if his tracks from yesterday were still there, he knew that something was going on with his memory. So he walked out in order to investigate. 
His investigations did not last long. Only seconds later did he find out that his experiment would never have worked. 
Of course, the street cleaners! I'm so dumb. 
He facepalmed, and began walking to work, but for some reason, with each step he felt a sharp little pain. He looked down to find a tiny piece of glass lodged in his right calf, and was confused. 
How did you get there, fella? 
Something must have happened, I guess, and I just don't remember it. My memory must have been reset, then. 
Wait, how do I remember yesterday at all? The streets, the dirt, my whole plan? 
If my memory is getting reset... then it's only resetting the few moments before the big thing? Very weird. 
Satisfied with the results of his experiment, He continued working while formulating a plan to further progress his investigation. 
He trekked to the infirmary the following day to patch his wound. According to the doctor, he could have suffered major infections if he had left it unattended. 
It was morning just about a week later from the previous incident. He had spent the past few days investigating his workplace, looking for the location of every security camera and creating a mental map of the building in his head. He had spent enough time preparing. It was going to be the day. The day he risked it all, risked arrest, risked his life, just for a little something he knew was definitely not worth it. But he needed it to be sane. 
Quick mission, this is totally doable. Steal a can. I can do this. I can do this for sure. 
He walked into the building, and took his vest off of the rack, wearing it loosely and leaving an unbuttoned gap in the middle. His plan was to pick up two cans, stealthily crushing one to be flat and putting it in his vest, while properly sorting the other on the conveyor belt. It would require some practice and skill, both of which He was unable to acquire due to his lack of any equipment outside of work, but he would still have to try. 
The time was just around noon, as it said on the analog clock above the main door. He was sweating. He had just twenty five minutes left to steal the can, and he wasn't sure how he could do it. In his mental map, he knew which locations were not visible by security cameras if he just stood perfectly, but of course, he still had a nervous tingling that never went away. 
At noon, He made his move. 
He saw two gray cans sitting centimeters apart on the conveyor belt. He reached out his arm, splayed his fingers, and picked up both cans in one swift move. With his other hand, he crushed one of them, and tucked it into his vest. He put the second can back on the conveyor belt, which led toward "Recycling." 
He knew he would have to take off his vest before he left. So cautiously, over the next few minutes, he wormed the can under and into his undershirt. The cold metal touching his skin made him shiver. At exactly seven, He took off his vest, and hung it on the rack, making his way out of the main entrance. 
Then, he heard a sound from beneath him. 
The can had fallen. 
He didn't know who else heard it, and he didn't know which cameras saw it, but in an attempt to save the can, he kicked it as quietly as possible out the front door. It made several clanks as it rolled on the street. Picking it up again, he ran home.

The title of this video might come as a shock to you. Because as a company who seems to be innovating in smartphone technology more than any other right now, it seems naive to say that the hallmark feature of their latest device is simply "not good". And while you'd have a point in saying that, I want to introduce a new angle into this discussion - I'm not calling the feature "dumb" or "useless", I'm not even criticizing Google's implementation of it - because I would be wrong. Magic Eraser does truly have some amazing uses, and it's also really good at filling in the background of images and getting rid of "unwanted" items. Or as Google puts it, [clip from ad].
Rather, I want to talk about this as a whole. Not Magic Eraser specifically, but the general technology which allows you to remove unwanted objects from images, and why it spells doom for real memories.
Human memory is a tricky thing. We like to think that we see the past as it really was, but the truth is that our memories change as we change. A year after an amazing trip, you might only remember the most exciting highlights of that trip, and perhaps not so much the food you ate, or the bed you slept on. Our memories are not that great at preserving the cold reality of the past, which is a bummer, but what they're really good at is making the past look really good - or really bad.
This is why when photography entered the scene in the early-to-mid 1900s, it changed the purpose of our memories. Because photographs are unchanging - they show the past as it really was. To bring up my previous point, photographs show the boring aspects of everyday life, like the food we eat, or the beds we sleep on. This dissonance, between what a photograph shows and what our memories show, it's what leads to you maybe thinking you looked kind of lame when you were a middle-schooler, or maybe that the roller-coaster you were terrified of riding as an 8-year old doesn't look that crazy now. The unchangingness of photos is the best thing about them.
But sometimes, just sometimes, it's kind of annoying when you can't get a good shot. When you want to document the present in its best form, but something in the scene is ruining it, it's totally natural to want to change that for any future viewers. This problem, what I just described, is the exact problem that Google Pixel's Magic Eraser tool is trying to solve. It allows you to remove unwanted subjects that are making your photo not as good as you want it to be.
But, this is where I think morals come in. Because sure, it would be great to have every shot perfect, exactly as you wish them to be. But think about it for a second - if we introduce creative control into the tools designed for showing the past as it really is, what does a photograph even mean?
Take a look at this example from Google's own commercial. This is the photo before any Magic Eraser... this is after. Before, after. It's super cool that you get to save onto your phone an uninterrupted, perfect photo of your child at the beach. But, that's not what it looked like. You're not saving onto your phone what happened, you're saving onto your phone what you wish happened. And that's only half the issue.
The second image might be better for posting on Instagram, but, at least in my opinion, it doesn't look real. This is no fault of Google, their feature did a perfect job here. But real life has annoying interruptions. Real life has other people, on the beach at the same time as you, who happen to be in your range of vision. If you remove that, it doesn't look real anymore. In my opinion, the second photo seems more cold and distant than the first.
Not everyone will agree with me here, and that's okay. There's a large group of the population who'll outwardly say that photographs should be altered versions of the present. There are people who'll say that they're only going to use this feature when posting these photos on social media. And they would all be entitled to their own opinion. What I'm trying to suggest here is that while innovation, as in solving problems, is incredibly important, a distinction must be made between real problems, and minor inconveniences. If we try to solve every minor inconvenience, we might start to alter reality as we know it. And the power to do that... maybe shouldn't be in your pocket.

NASA is making the biggest, most expensive, and catastrophic mistake in its history. Let me explain.
On December 16th, 2022, the Orion spacecraft landed in the pacific ocean, marking an end to the Artemis 1 mission.
Orion is a part of the rocket, which stands for the Space Launch System. It's going to be used for the three Artemis missions. I talked about these missions in my video about why NASA is going to the moon, but in this video we're more interested in this rocket. How did it come about, and why is it the biggest mistake NASA has ever made?
This story actually starts with the Bush Administration. The son Bush. Under his presidency, NASA planned to execute the Constellation program, a $230 billion-dollar plan which had the eventual goal of establishing a human presence on the moon. Sound familiar?
But from its very birth, the Constellation program was losing steam. First of all, it directly followed the Columbia disaster, which made it very hard for the public to be on board. But the more important problem was that it was very slow. People criticized NASA for being sitting ducks, stealing taxpayer money while not innovating. If the Columbia disaster damaged public trust in NASA, the failure of the Constellation program damaged public interest. And working on the bleeding edge of technology without the masses' support or encouragement, is never a good mix.
But things seemed like they were gonna get massively better, when Obama enters the scene in 2008. He openly criticized the Constellation program for being "over budget, behind schedule, and lacking in innovation." And so the program was canceled on October 11, 2010.
But now Obama was tasked with replacing the program with something else. Something that would revitalize the interest of the nation. And it wouldn't be another program, it was a rocket. The Space Launch System.
Now, the rocket was supposed to launch in late 2016. But that's not what happened. Due to a Congressional Mandate forcing NASA to use Space Shuttle components for future missions, NASA was forced to reestablish contracts with suppliers who helped with the shuttle missions. This was the beginning of the biggest mistake NASA ever made. A mistake that will cost over $27 billion dollars, and could very well be more if no action is taken.
For the past few decades, NASA has had commercial "partnerships" with a small few extremely large aerospace companies of which Northrop Grumman and Boeing are the main nuisances. Obama wanted open up the rocket's production to the market, but Congress was super against that. Like, SUPER against it—both parties. Why? Because Congress is Congress, and they'd much rather keep things the way that they are then opt for change. But this was a HUGE issue, and no one would see it coming—except for the behemoth companies themselves, which were probably giggling amongst themselves.
See, by enforcing that existing partners like Boeing and Northrop Grumman are set to work with NASA again, Congress effectively killed competition. Normally, different companies from around the country would compete for cheapest building costs, highest quality, and fastest development times. But by giving these companies a free seat, NASA essentially gave them leeway to charge as much as they want, barely pass inspections, and take as much time as they wish.
So that's what they did. And the result?
Every single Artemis launch has so far been and is projected to cost been 2 and 4 billion dollars.
The rockets aren't reusable at all! They're dropped into the Pacific, and have to be rebuilt from scratch every time!
The entire program was delayed by over 6 years!
It didn't have to be this way. Companies like SpaceX are fighting to reduce costs to abysmally low values, blowing rockets like the rocket out of the water with their insanely low costs-per-launch. The Falcon Heavy costs $93 million per mission. That's 5% of the cost of rocket.
Falcon Heavy and the upcoming Starship are reusable rockets. After basic inspection and mild repairs, they can literally lift off again.
And as for development times? In 2014, the then-NASA Administrator Eric Bolden said this:
"Let's be very honest again. We don't have a commercially available heavy lift vehicle. Falcon 9 Heavy may someday come about. It's on the drawing board right now. rocket is real."
The Falcon Heavy launched in February 2018.
And that's the lesson of this video. Don't eliminate competition, it's the backbone of capitalism. You need companies to prove themselves. You need them to fight for your approval. Otherwise, you're gonna end up like NASA now, spending tens of billions of dollars on "partner companies" who do not give a sh*t about your time or money.

I hate the media. Here's why.
For the past few years, I've been keeping close tabs on different news sources and I've felt the same way every time. I've never made a video about it until now because I've never thought it to be a big enough of a deal. But things have changed now.
We live in a time when political polarization has ripped the country apart, our world leaders are converging upon another cold war, and humanity has yet to make wide strides toward solving climate change. Every waking moment it feels like the world is going to cave in on us.
I have my political preferences, as anyone else, but the problem I believe sits with every single media source out there—not just the ones I don't agree with. It's a method of journalism that perfectly breeds this feeling of doom and hatred in anyone who consumes it, regardless of what that doom or hatred is placed toward. And it's destroying our society. But if you take a step back, who's really at fault here?
To understand what's going on, we can imagine what's going on in the world as this line. Now, I'm not going to focus too much on what the long-term trend of this line is—because that's a topic for a whole other video—but I'd like to imagine it's going up, even if slowly so. Let's zoom back in.
We can think of "up" on this line as good events, and "down" as bad ones. So all of these bits are good, and all of these bits are pretty bad. Good things tend to happen gradually, like the slow recovery of the economy after COVID, or the slow growth of a new and innovative company. Bad things, on the other hand, have a tendency to be very fast and damaging. For example, an extremely large bank collapses, or a certain very large country decides to send a spy balloon over another very large country.
Many media sources pay their employees on a click-based commission. This means, on top of leading to sensationalized clickbait, journalists are incentivized to talk about big events that are already under the public eye as opposed to new information that people might not recognize. These articles attract more people because we're more receptive to things we already know than to accept new information. And the way these carbon copies of articles blend in just a sprinkle of new information so as to not make you feel like you wasted your time, keeps you clicking or perhaps scrolling.
People are also naturally more receptive to negative information than positive—and journalists know this. Locked in a fierce battle over the ever-shortening attention span of the consumer, they tend to report on massively negative events to try and elicit some sort of reaction from the reader. They talk about Trump—again, or inflation—of course, or Drag Queens—that one's new.
But by effectively not covering any of those gradual but good events, the media basically makes this line look like this. A downward staircase to a future of poverty, war, and chaos. It's a wildly inaccurate depiction of the real world; but more than anything, it's a wildly dangerous depiction. It leads to End-of-the-world mindsets—and those lead to outbursts of hatred, mainly in the form of violence. Extremist groups like the KKK owe part of their modern-day resurgence to the fact that conservative news outlets are telling them over and over again that immigrants are going to flip this country inside out. We've set ourselves up on a single track. And it's taken us up to now find out it might be the wrong one.
Whose fault is this? Is it the fault of the consumer, who can't or doesn't want to pay for subscription news services when free options are available? Is it the fault of the journalists, who want to earn some extra money to put food on the table in one of the most competitive work environments ever? Is it the fault of the news outlets, big and small, who need to make money off of articles people read for free? Who do we blame? And more importantly, how do we fix this?